when randomly generating item names (use simple methods such as adjectives), we should make sure that item name doesn't exist in the inventory already. 
This means we need to generate items the moment enemies are killed and not pregenerate them as there's no way to cross compare
(we need to do this because the item removal removes the first item with the correlated name, so it may delete the wrong item by accident)

someone also has to do the input-ifier. this means that one of us needs to make some sort of input system to:
    attack a specific enemy:
        e.g. "attack blue goblin"
    equip a specific wepon in right or left hand OR should be asked:
        e.g. 'equip red thorn in right hand'
        e.g. 'equip red thorn' -> In what hand? (print what's equipped in hands) 'right hand'
    equip a charm on an armor slot OR on specific armor piece OR should be asked
        e.g. 'equip blue keychain on helmet'
        e.g. 'equip blue keychain on golden crown'
        e.g. 'equip blue keychain' -> On what piece? (print empty slots) 'helmet' or 'golden crown'
    equip an armor piece:
        e.g. 'equip golden crown'
    NOTE: WITH ALL THE EQUIPS, IF THERE'S ALREADY SOMETHING THERE, ASK THE PLAYER IF THEY'RE SURE. 
    move in a direction:
        e.g. 'move n' or 'move north'
        e.g. 'move w'
        THERE WILL BE A MAXIMUM OF 4 DIRECTIONS BUT NOT ALWAYS
    loot a specific enemy/location OR should be asked:
        e.g. 'loot blue goblin'
        e.g. 'loot floor'
        e.g. 'loot' -> Where would you like to loot? (give list of all possible loot locations in a room) 'floor'
what i want you to do with this is just sort the data and make a system to know what to do. for example, if it's to equip an item, just make a comment for where the
code will go but also parse the data so that the item, location, direction, etc. are all variables that the person coding the equipping can do
IF YOU CAN i'd appreciate it if you could also do the equipping. you'd have to read my code, but it's not very complicated